DOCS-1829: Make carousel shortcode and rearrange Build (#2634)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/_index.md

Viam's APIs are standardized across all models of a given component or service.
This means you can test and change hardware without changing code.

## Step 1: Install

To get started, first [install `viam-server`](/get-started/installation/) on your smart machine's computer.
If you are using a microcontroller instead of a 64-bit computer, you can install a [lightweight version of `viam-server`](/build/micro-rdk/).
You can install `viam-server` on your personal computer, or on a single-board computer (SBC) such as one of the following:
<br><br>

{{< board-carousel >}}

## Step 2: Configure

> Pull together the Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resources" >}} you want to use by [configuring your smart machine](/build/configure/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the Viam {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resources" >}} you want to use by [configuring your smart machine](/build/configure/).
```

    </div>
  </div>
</div>

> If a component or service you want to use for your project is not natively supported, see the [modular resource registry](/registry/).

Reviewer: Out of diff but noticed this soudns odd
```suggestion
If a component or service you want to use for your project is not natively supported, see whether it is supported as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular resource" text="modular-resource" >}} in the [registry](/registry/) or build your own modular resource.
```
